 I observed that firing an entry signal only when the composite probability score is above 85% is unrealistic because the tool rarely reaches 60%. The highest recorded probability score i have observed is 58%. I mean lets be realististic, volatility 75 is so volatile and aggressive. Waiting for a perfect entry of probability score above 85% is unrealistic and will never reach. The goal here is to ride with the current trend but enter in a zone where the trend is about to start or has just started, and the mathematical probability from calculations show that that trend has a probabilty of trending for atleast 2 minutes. The tool trades on rise and fall contracts where, upon entry on a rise signal, the exit price is expected to be higher than the entry price after 2 minutes while for a fall signal, the exit price is expected to be lower than entry after 2 minutes. Waiting for the probability of that 85% is unrealistic and that is the reason why the tool has not fired a single signal. Now my suggestion, you understand what L1, L2, L3, L4 and L5 each mean. I want you to change the firing threshhold from 85%, to anything above 40%, provided the L1, L2,L3, L4 and L5 conditions have confirmed a trend. For example, the I executed a RISE trade above when the probability threshhold was 43% and the results are in the next image. The reason why i executed this rise trade for a two minutes duration is because despite the composite probability threshhold being on 43%, i observed and noted convincing observations from L1, L2,L3, L4 and L5. In L1, the compression was Neutral, L2 Expansion was low, L3 the structure was bullish with a value above 60, L4 the flow alignment was leaning up and in L5, persistence was stable. Also just below the composite score panel, both the flow and the trend indicated rise. These all conditions all agreeing at a certain point and the composite score is above 40% definately confirm a clean entry point for either Rise (with the stated conditions) or Fall (with conditions for L1, L2 and L5 same as those for rise, but the rest opposite of those for rise). I want you to only modify the firing logic to follow that recommedation, but keep everything else the same. Do not change any calculations